Albrja/mic 5303/fix grep (#112)
ihmeuw/vivarium_gates_nutrition_optimization: artifact_requirements.txt

pyyaml
scipy
tables
vivarium_inputs>=5.0.0

> # Note inputs is not install with [data] extra because we might need to specify the branch

Reviewer: This shouldn't trigger the grep, since I have a space instead of an underscore?
```suggestion
# Note: vivarium inputs is not installed with [data] extra because we might need to specify the branch
```

Author: No its just getting any line that has 'vivarium' in it.

Author: Made it viv_in

# for inputs for the data requirements
vivarium_gbd_access>=4.0.0

> core-maths

Author: The comments in the requirements files aren't meant to be vague but we can't include of of the strings we grep for otherwise it will show up in the grep outputs we iterate through.
